What is JMeter?
Apache JMeter is an open-source, 100% pure Java application that load-tests 
functional behavior and measures performance. JMeter simulates a heavy load 
to test an app’s strength and analyze its overall performance under different load 
types. 
JMeter flexibly tests the dynamic and static resources of an application. Now, 
you might be wondering what these resources are. Dynamic resources include 
JSP, Servlets, and AJAX, while static resources are Document Object Model 
(DOM) elements like JavaScript and HTML.


Selenium Record and Playback tool for ease of getting acquainted with 
Selenium WebDriver.
The new Selenium IDE is designed to record your interactions with websites to 
help you generate and maintain site automation, tests, and remove the need to 
manually step through repetitive takes. Features include:
* Recording and playing back tests on Firefox and Chrome.
* Organizing tests into suites for easy management.
* Saving and loading scripts, for later playback.
* Support for Selenium 3.

Weka is a collection of machine learning algorithms for data mining tasks. It 
contains tools for data preparation, classification, regression, clustering, 
association rules mining, and visualization.

Wireshark is a network protocol analyzer, or an application that captures 
packets from a network connection, such as from your computer to your home 
office or the internet. Packet is the name given to a discrete unit of data in a 
typical Ethernet network.
Wireshark will help you capture network packets and display them at a granular 
level. Once these packets are broken down, you can use them for real-time or 
offline analysis. This tool lets you put your network traffic under a microscope, 
and then filter and drill down into it, zooming in on the root cause of problems, 
assisting with network analysis and ultimately network security.
This free Wireshark tutorial will teach you how to capture, interpret, filter and 
inspect data packets to effectively troubleshoot

Blender is a free and open-source 3D computer graphics software tool set used 
for creating animated films, visual effects, art, 3D-printed models, motion 
graphics, interactive 3D applications, virtual reality, and, formerly, video 
games. Blender's features include 3D modelling, UV mapping, texturing, digital 
drawing, raster graphics editing, rigging and skinning, fluid and smoke 
simulation, particle simulation, soft body simulation, sculpting, animation, 
match moving, rendering, motion graphics, video editing, and compositing

openmp : 
OpenMP is a library for parallel programming in the SMP (symmetric multi-processors, or shared-memory processors) model. When programming with OpenMP, all threads share memory and data. OpenMP supports C, C++ and Fortran. The OpenMP functions are included in a header file called omp.h .
OpenMP program structure: An OpenMP program has sections that are sequential and sections that are parallel. In general an OpenMP program starts with a sequential section in which it sets up the environment, initializes the variables, and so on.
When run, an OpenMP program will use one thread (in the sequential sections), and several threads (in the parallel sections).
Why OpenMP? More efficient, and lower-level parallel code is possible, however OpenMP hides the low-level details and allows the programmer to describe the parallel code with high-level constructs, which is as simple as it can get.

mpi library :
Parallel programs enable users to fully utilize the multi-node structure of supercomputing clusters. Message Passing Interface (MPI) is a standard used to allow several different processors on a cluster to communicate with each other. In this tutorial we will be using the Intel C++ Compiler, GCC, IntelMPI, and OpenMPI to create a multiprocessor ‘hello world’ program in C++. This tutorial assumes the user has experience in both the Linux terminal and C++.

NS2 stands for Network Simulator Version 2.
It is an opensource event-driven simulator designed specifically for research in 
computer communication networks.

